Hey man! Check this out. I got the best KUSH ever man
Aw, man... I’ve been so out... You got sent from heaven
All right, man, light it up, holmes
Ok, check it out man

I’m the original Dr. Greenthumb the rest are liars
I’m the one with the prescription to get you higher
I got every type of weed that you might desire
Go ahead, fire it up, maybe you can get inspired
Any kind of flavor you savor
I can do you the favor
Just as long as you share with your neighbor
Some like the Sour D, that’s an east coast swing
But on the west coast we all know KUSH is queen
Some of y’all will smoke anything, but me, I’m picky
I throw it out if I don’t see that it’s green and sticky
No stress, no bush, I’m pushing the KUSH
When I harvest put a K on the bag like the Nike Swoosh
I’m over the world, in case you wonder
I smoked everywhere I went, they call me the weed hunter
But no one does it better like we do in Cali
Just ask one of my patients cause they always tell me that the...

K.U.S.H. keeps us so high
The K.U.S.H. keeps us so high
The more I smoke, the higher I get
The better I feel, I can’t quit
The more I smoke, the higher I get
The better I feel, I can’t quit

Kottonmouth Kings are down with us
Snoop Dogg and Dre are down with us
Cheech and Chong, they’re down with us
But the DEA, they can get the nuts
On a high times cover, you might see us
Taking hits from the bong with the eight-foot Zong
With weed so strong, that knockout King Kong
Hit it one good time... Your mind’s gone
Your eyes get red, and your mouth goes dry
Just get me when you want more and I’ll supply
Red and meth said, "let’s gets stoned" I said "How High"
They said "high enough to touch God and kiss the sky"
"That’s a tall order But I think I got what you need"
I got the food for though and I’m ready to feed
So, follow my lead I got some gifts to bring
It’s an everyday life for the Reefer King

K.U.S.H. keeps us so high
The K.U.S.H. keeps us so high
The more I smoke, the higher I get
The better I feel, I can’t quit
The more I smoke, the higher I get
The better I feel, I can’t quit

I got the cream of the crop
My crop means cream
When it’s time to bag it up I assemble the team
We’re like the Yankees, most winning, grand champs of the herb
Nothing gets you like the type of medicine I serve
Lawyers, teachers, actors, street cleaners
No matter what they are, they all come to see the Reefer
They stay high 24 like Keifer
I tell ’em don’t hit too hard, this is a Creepa
Woody Harrelson is down with us
Bruce Willis smokes all, he’s down with us
Yeah, Willie Nelson is down with us
Who the fuck you think drives the ganja bus?
Dionne Warwick, she’s down with us
She got caught at the airport with joints and such
So if anyone asks, she’s down with us
And you don’t wanna enter more weed in the Cannabis cup
I’m Greenthumb, I reign supreme, son
A strain better than mine, I’ve never seen one
The K.U.S.H. keeps you so high that you can’t concentrate
Dave Chapelle, is down with us
Halle Barry, too, but don’t tell no one
KRS-One is down with us
He’s a blunt getting smoked and he can’t wake up

K.U.S.H. keeps us so high
The K.U.S.H. keeps us so high
The more I smoke, the higher I get
The better I feel, I can’t quit
The more I smoke, the higher I get
The better I feel, I can’t quit


________________
Name    K.U.S.H.
Artist  Cypress Hill
Album   Rise Up
