I’m the last one they should ever let speak
I should save politics for Dead Prez and Immortal Technique
Rugged-Rugged-Rugged-Rugged-Rugged Man!
Immortal Technique
Our way of life is under attack
The survival of our friends is in danger

There’s a new housing plan for the ghetto eventually
Projects for a new American century
False-flag terrorism controlling you mentally
The gospel in the hands of people with no empathy
A mixture of dangerous social chemistry
Between law enforcement and a military entity
Cameras on the corner of every corner you’re facing
Testing out a future gestapo on immigration
Power consolidation, information restricted
Just like the iron law of oligarchy predicted
Incarcerating the poor among the drug addicted
But not the families of the ruling class that’s afflicted
’Cause it’s a fuckin’ caste system like corrupted Hinduism
I think you should listen, I been through the system in prison
I been through religion, carried the cross as a Christian
Like it was antidisestablishmentarianism
Until the seeds of despotism arrested my vision
Lyricism with cynicism and syllogisms
Until they Pedro Albizu Campos and kill me in prison
Chemtrail conditions, stem cells of Leo Strauss’ philosophy
The birth of neo-con policy, but I laughed at America’s fear
Of a New World Order controllin’ the hemisphere
’Cause my people been livin’ that for the past 500 years

Intelligence, understanding
The facts they deserve to know
No governmental plan
Should impose its restraints against your will
Who do we trust? Who do we trust?
The-the facts-
Who do we trust? who do we trust?
Intelligence
Who can I trust? who can I trust?
Knowledge of himself-self-self-self-self-
Who can I trust? Who can I trust?

Expose crimes of the power structure, enter the fire
’Cause the truth is now treason to the U.S. empire
U.S meddlin’ in almost every foreign election
See where the next drone headin’? Civilian dead in the Yemen
Weddin’ barely reported because the weapons were exported from the politicians in the Pentagon, the Saudis bought it
And the babies and the children were slaughtered
The authorization, altercation, deplorable, demoralization
Obedience to authority, colonize the minority
Social norm is to conform to the immoral majority
White superiority, secession of separatism
The terrorism of American exceptionalism
Go to plan B, be free, fuck the TV
Fuck the PD, fuck a Tuskegee VD
Grave plaque, soldier pop, corpse rot, spin over
Monsanto weed killer, non-Hodgkin lymphoma
Whistleblower: men are afraid of, label the threat a traitor
Executive legislator tryna suppress your behavior
Intelligence interrogator collectin’ metadata
Condemnin’ the messenger and censoring the educator
CIA feed the propaganda to the television
In the next edition, the pundits preach it in repetition
Loyal to the monarchy, hereditary or elected
Fuck a royal family and fuck a president selected, yuh

Secret society
The secret oath
Censorship
I-I-Imposing restraints against your will
Who do we trust? Who do we trust?
The-the facts-
Who do we trust? Who do we trust?
Intelligence
Who can I trust? Who can I trust?
Knowledge of himself-self-self-self-self-self-
Who can I trust? Who can I trust?
Informing and alerting
The American people

What’s the cadet motto at Westpoint?
“You will not lie, cheat, or steal, or tolerate those who do!”
I- I- I was a CIA director, we lied, cheated, we stealed- we stole!
It’s like, we had- we had entire training courses!
It, It uh- It it it reminds you of the glory of The American Experiment

__________________________________
Language          American English
Name              Who Do We Trust?
Artist            R.A. The Rugged Man,  Immortal Technique
Album             All My Heroes Are Dead
Track no          19
Year              2020
MusicBrainz ID    efc73afe-2ad5-49de-ab20-3a71e334a9d4
Original text by  Felipe Andres Coronel,  R.A. Thorburn,  Tone Spliff
